HDDS-3649. Add documentation for Cat Key Command (#967)
apache/hadoop-ozone: hadoop-hdds/docs/content/shell/KeyCommands.md

ozone sh key rename /hive/jan sales.orc new_name.orc
{{< /highlight >}}
The above command will rename _sales.orc_ to _new\_name.orc_ in the bucket _/hive/jan_.

### Cat

> The `key cat` command copies a specific Ozone key to standard output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `key cat` command displays the contents a specific Ozone key to standard output.
```

> The `key cat` command displays the contents a specific Ozone key to standard output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `key cat` command displays the contents of a specific Ozone key to standard output.
```

***Params:***

| Arguments                      |  Comment                                |
|--------------------------------|-----------------------------------------|
|  Uri                           | The name of the key in **/volume/bucket/key** format.

{{< highlight bash >}}
ozone sh key cat /hive/jan/hello.txt
{{< /highlight >}}

> Copies the file hello.txt from the _/hive/jan_ bucket to standard output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays the contents of the key hello.txt from the _/hive/jan_ bucket to standard output.
```
